Bitcoin Solo Miner Script
Overview
This Bitcoin solo mining script allows individual miners to participate in the Bitcoin network by validating transactions and adding them to the blockchain. The script is designed to be user-friendly and includes a unique feature that splits the Coinbase transaction, enabling the miner to send mining rewards to two different Bitcoin addresses.

Key Features
Solo Mining: Mine Bitcoin independently without relying on a mining pool.
Coinbase Transaction Splitting: The script splits the Coinbase transaction, allowing rewards to be sent to two separate wallet addresses.
Customizable Payouts: Enter a secondary wallet address directly in the terminal to allocate a portion of the mining rewards.
Efficiency: Optimized for maximum efficiency and performance on a variety of hardware setups.
Installation
Prerequisites
Python 3.x: Ensure that Python 3.x is installed on your system.
Bitcoin Core: The script requires a fully synced Bitcoin Core node for solo mining.
Setup
Download the Scripts: Save miner.py and miner2.py to your preferred directory.
Install Required Python Libraries: Run the following command to install any necessary libraries:
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
Start the Bitcoin Core Node: Make sure your Bitcoin Core node is fully synced and running.

Run the Miner Script: Navigate to the directory containing miner.py or miner2.py and run the script:

bash
Copy code
python miner.py
Input Wallet Addresses:

Primary Wallet: The script will use a hard-coded primary wallet address.
Secondary Wallet: When prompted in the terminal, enter the second wallet address where you would like a portion of the mining rewards to be sent.
Mining Operations: The script will begin the mining process, validating transactions and attempting to solve the cryptographic puzzle to add a new block to the blockchain.

Example
bash
Copy code
python miner.py
Enter the second wallet address for Coinbase splitting: 1YourSecondWalletAddressHere
How It Works
The script starts by establishing a connection with the Bitcoin Core node to retrieve the current block header and difficulty. It then begins hashing to find a valid nonce that solves the cryptographic puzzle.

Coinbase Transaction Splitting
The miner script includes a feature to split the Coinbase transaction. The Coinbase transaction is the first transaction in a block and is the transaction that grants the mining reward to the miner. With this script, miners can split the reward between two Bitcoin addresses:

Primary Address: A hard-coded address in the script.
Secondary Address: User-defined, entered in the terminal when prompted.
By splitting the Coinbase transaction, miners have flexibility in distributing their rewards, allowing them to support multiple wallets.